feat(sentry apps): Add docs for uploading icons and logos (#4466)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/integration-platform/index.mdx

![Buttons providing the options to publish or delete.](publish-button.png)

## Image Requirements

> Published integrations are required to have a logo image uploaded. The requirements for those are fairly rigid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Published integrations require a logo image to be uploaded. The requirements for those are:
```

> * Logo size must be between 256x256 px and 1024x1024px

Reviewer 2: I would change it to something like 
- `256px by 256px and 1024px by 1024px` or
- `256 &times; 256px and 1024 &times; 1024px` -> renders kinda prettier

> * The file must be a PNG

Reviewer 2: nit: file format

> * The file format must be a PNG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The file format must be PNG
```

* The background must be transparent (unless the logo takes up the entire space)

> If the integration has a [UI component](#ui-components), it must also upload an icon that follow these requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the integration has a [UI component](#ui-components), you must also upload an icon that follows these requirements:
```

* Icon size must be between 256x256 px and 1024x1024px

> * The file format must be a PNG in RGBA format

Reviewer: It would be nice to avoid the double "format". What about:
```suggestion
* The file must be a PNG in RGBA format
```

* All pixels must be black or transparent

> Internal integrations can upload logos and icons if they wish, but they are not required.

Reviewer 2: suggestion: "can have uploaded logos and icons, though they are not required"

The `can` and `if they wish` suggest the integration is doing the uploading/wishing

> Internal integrations can have uploaded logos and icons, though they are not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal integrations can have logos and icons uploaded, but they are not required.
```
